c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\SummerSchool.dll.config
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\SummerSchool.dll
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\SummerSchool.pdb
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\obj\Debug\SummerSchool.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\obj\Debug\SummerSchool.dll
c:\users\константин\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SummerSchool\SummerSchool\obj\Debug\SummerSchool.pdb
